Snowsight instructions Snowflake connection (#3031)
astronomer/docs: learn/connections/snowflake.md

Complete the following steps to retrieve these values:

<Tabs
    defaultValue="snowsight"
    groupId="get-connection-details"
    values={[
        {label: 'Snowsight', value: 'snowsight'},
        {label: 'Snowflake classic console', value: 'classic'},
    ]}>
<TabItem value="snowsight">

> 1. Open [Snowsight](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/ui-snowsight). Follow the [Snowflake documentation](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/ui-snowsight-gs#using-snowsight) to open the account selector at the bottom of the left nav. Hover over your account to see more details, then click the **Copy URL** icon to copy the account URL. The URL should be in the format `https://<account-identifier>.<region>.snowflakecomputing.com/`.

Author: Thank you! Will do and yeah, I tried to use their terms but didnt notice I also copied the bottom. 😅

  :::

> 3. Click on the user menu at the top of the left nav to see your current `role`. You can click on **Switch Role** to see all the available roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click the user menu in the top of the left sidebar and copy the role you want Airflow to have in Snowflake. You can click **Switch Role** to see all the available roles.
```

> 3. Click on the user menu at the top of the left nav to see your current `role`. You can click on **Switch Role** to see all the available roles.

Author: Will add this in manually because github does not let me merge two suggestions on the same line :)

    ![Screenshot of the user menu in Snowsight showing how to copy the role.](/img/tutorials/connections-snowflake_snowsight_role.png)

> 4. Copy the name of your **Warehouse**. To see all available warehouses, open a new **Worksheet** and click on the [context selector menu](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/ui-snowsight-worksheets#change-the-session-context-for-a-worksheet) on the right side of the screen. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Copy the name of your **Warehouse**. To see all available warehouses, open a new **Worksheet** and open  the [context selector menu](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/ui-snowsight-worksheets#change-the-session-context-for-a-worksheet) in the upper right of the UI.
```

Author: Same here will add the changes in a commit because GH does not like two suggestions on the same line 😅

    ![Screenshot of the context selector menu in Snowsight showing how to copy the warehouse.](/img/tutorials/connections-snowflake_snowsight_warehouse.png)

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="classic">

> 1. Open the [Snowflake classic console](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/ui-using) and locate the URL for the page. The URL should be in the format `https://<account-identifier>.<region>.snowflakecomputing.com/`.
> 2. Copy `<account-identifier>` and `<region>` from the URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the [Snowflake classic console](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/ui-using) and locate the URL for the page. The URL should be in the format `https://<account-identifier>.<region>.snowflakecomputing.com/`. Copy `<account-identifier>` and `<region>` from the URL.
```

  :::info

  When you copy your `region`, you might have to additionally copy the cloud provider identifier after the region name for some GCP and some AWS regions. For example, if your account URL is `https://ZS86751.europe-west4.gcp.snowflakecomputing.com`, then your `region` will be `europe-west4.gcp`. See [Account identifiers](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/user-guide/admin-account-identifier) to learn more about Snowflake's account types and their identifiers.

  :::

> 3. Click on your account name in the top right corner and hover over **Switch Role** to see a list of all available roles. Copy your **Role**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click on your account name in the top right corner and hover over **Switch Role** to see a list of all available roles. Copy your **Role**.
```

    ![Screenshot roles in Snowflake classic console.](/img/tutorials/connections-snowflake_classic_role.png)

> 4. Copy your **Warehouse** from the **Warehouses** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Copy your **Warehouse** from the **Warehouses** tab.
```

    ![Screenshot warehouses tab in Snowflake classic console.](/img/tutorials/connections-snowflake_classic_warehouse_tab.png)

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> 4. Copy the names for your **Database**, and **Schema**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Copy the names for your **Database** and **Schema**.
```
